docs: improve sentence quality by grammar (#600)
vue-styleguidist/vue-styleguidist: docs/docs/Components.md

## Loading and exposing components

> Styleguidist, by default, _loads_ your components and _exposes_ them globally for your examples to consume. You can use [locallyRegisterComponents](/Configuration.md#locallyRegisterComponents) to avoid global registration. This loads component only in examples illustrating them.

Reviewer: Styleguidist, by default, loads all targetted components and exposes them globally. Your examples can use them without having to import and register them. If you would prefer to avoid this behaviour, use [locallyRegisterComponents](/Configuration.md#locallyRegisterComponents). This will avoid global registration. With this option, styleguidist will only load components for example components illustrating them.

> Styleguidist, by default, _loads_ your components and _exposes_ them globally for your examples to consume. You can use [locallyRegisterComponents](/Configuration.md#locallyRegisterComponents) to avoid global registration. This loads component only in examples illustrating them.

Author: This line at the end is still confusing `With this option, styleguidist will only load components for example components illustrating them.`

> Styleguidist, by default, _loads_ your components and _exposes_ them globally for your examples to consume. You can use [locallyRegisterComponents](/Configuration.md#locallyRegisterComponents) to avoid global registration. This loads component only in examples illustrating them.

Reviewer: I guess it could use some illustration. You are right.
When this option is turned off, every component is made available in every example without having to import them.
Let's say you are documenting `CustomButton.vue`, you are writing examples for `CustomButton.vue` in the `<docs>` section of your SFC or in the `ReadMe.md` file beside it, examples will be able to use `<CustomButton>` with no import necessary. But if your examples need access to another component documented somewhere else, you will have to import and register the needed components explicitly.

I have not found a better way to put it yet.

> Styleguidist, by default, _loads_ your components and _exposes_ them globally for your examples to consume. You can use [locallyRegisterComponents](/Configuration.md#locallyRegisterComponents) to avoid global registration. This loads component only in examples illustrating them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Styleguidist, by default, _loads_ your components and _exposes_ them globally for your examples to consume. You can use [locallyRegisterComponents](/Configuration.md#locallyRegisterComponents) to avoid global registration. This loads a documented component only in the examples that are in its attached `ReadMe.md` file or `<docs>` block.
```
